Clean up OS overview pages (#2235)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/os/ios-overview.md

The encryption used by Advanced Data Protection, while strong, [is not *quite* as robust](https://discuss.privacyguides.net/t/apple-advances-user-security-with-powerful-new-data-protections/10778/4) as the encryption offered by other [cloud services](../cloud.md), particularly when it comes to iCloud Drive. While we strongly encourage using Advanced Data Protection if you use iCloud, we would also suggest considering alternatives for most iCloud services, although it is unlikely most people would be impacted by these encryption quirks.

You can also protect your data by limiting what you sync to iCloud in the first place. At the top of the **Settings** app, you'll see your name and profile picture if you are signed in to iCloud. Select that, then **iCloud**, and turn off the switches for any services you don't want to sync to iCloud. You may see third-party apps listed under **Show All** if they sync to iCloud, which you can disable here.

> #### Private Relay
> 
> **Private Relay** is a paid ([**iCloud+**](https://support.apple.com/HT201318)) proxy service which relays your Safari traffic through two servers: one owned by Apple and one owned by Cloudflare. Because Private Relay is still in beta, and it only covers the Safari browser, we recommend you choose a proper [VPN](../vpn.md) instead.
> 
> Select **Private Relay**
> 
> - [ ] Turn off **Private Relay (Beta)**
> 
> If you already use iCloud Mail, **Hide My Email** is Apple's first-party email aliasing feature. You can use email aliases with Sign In With Apple, for free, or generate unlimited aliases with a paid iCloud+ plan. Hide My Email may be good for iCloud Mail users because it only requires trusting one party (Apple) with your emails, but if you use any other email provider, we generally recommend [a standalone email aliasing service](../email.md#email-aliasing-services) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Private Relay

**Private Relay** is a paid ([**iCloud+**](https://support.apple.com/HT201318)) proxy service which relays your Safari traffic through two servers: one owned by Apple and one owned by Cloudflare. Private Relay only covers the Safari browser. If you need something device-wide, we recommend you choose a proper [VPN](../vpn.md) instead.

Select **Private Relay**

- [ ] Turn on **Private Relay**

If you already use iCloud Mail, **Hide My Email** is Apple's first-party email aliasing feature. You can use email aliases with Sign In With Apple, for free, or generate unlimited aliases with a paid iCloud+ plan. Hide My Email may be good for iCloud Mail users because it only requires trusting one party (Apple) with your emails, but if you use any other email provider, we generally recommend [a standalone email aliasing service](../email.md#email-aliasing-services) instead.
```

Reviewer: I think private relay is out of beta now, it doesn't show beta in the settings anymore at least. It's quite cool and uses some bleeding-edge tech, I don't really see a problem with telling people to use it unless someone thinks there's a reason not to.

Author: I would prefer replacing this section:

```suggestion
#### iCloud+

A paid **iCloud+** subscription (with any iCloud storage plan) comes with some privacy-protecting functionality. While these may provide adequate service for current iCloud customers, we wouldn't recommend purchasing an iCloud+ plan over a [VPN](../vpn.md) and [standalone email aliasing service](../email.md#email-aliasing-services) just for these features alone.

**Private Relay** is a proxy service which relays your Safari traffic through two servers: one owned by Apple and one owned by a third-party provider (including Akamai, Cloudflare, and Fastly). In theory this should prevent any single provider in the chain—including Apple—from having full visibility into which websites you visit while connected. Unlike a full VPN, Private Relay does not protect traffic from your apps outside of Safari.

**Hide My Email** is Apple's email aliasing service. You can create an email aliases for free when you *Sign In With Apple* on a website or app, or generate unlimited aliases on demand with a paid iCloud+ plan. Hide My Email has the advantage of using the `@icloud.com` domain for its aliases, which may be less likely to be blocked compared to other email aliasing services, but does not offer functionality offered by standalone services such as automatic PGP encryption or multiple mailbox support.
```
